well howdy there Internet people its Bo
again so today we're going to talk about
Trump protective equipment aid and the
media okay so you may have noticed I've
kind of laid off Trump recently haven't
been talking about him much it's not
that I think he has enough on his plate
it's not that I think that in a time
like this you can't criticize the
president it's not that I think he's
doing a good job it's that it doesn't
matter right now we have to focus on the
problem at hand we can talk about
mistakes and what could have been done
afterward right now most immediate
concern first okay that being said it
has become a news story that the
administration has provided the very
protective equipment our Docs and nurses
medical professionals are struggling to
find - more than 25 foreign countries
the very protective equipment
I have spent weeks scrounging begging
borrowing stealing trying to get for
local hospitals okay I'm actually not
mad about that I'm not in hindsight yeah
probably wasn't the wisest decision at
the same time when the decision was made
it was probably in an attempt to do
exactly what I said focus on the most
immediate problem first I get that I'm
not gonna trash him for that but I've
got questions a bunch first I want to
know what he got for them
the president is not known for doing
things out of the goodness of his heart
I want to know what he got for him
I don't think the man that is telling us
governor's that they need to be nice to
him that they don't really need the
ventilators that they don't need the
equipment that I don't think that he's
holding them to a higher standard then
he has foreign heads of state so I want
to know what he got because it does not
appear that the u.s. got anything for
him so I have to assume he got something
personally and I want to know what it is
whether it's just as ego being stroked
whether it's promises of future hotel
bills whatever it is I want to know I
don't think he just did this out of the
goodness of his heart we do have to
entertain the possibility that it was
just deep state functionaries doing
their jobs we do have to entertain that
possibility but I'm willing to bat
approval was given I want to know what
he got I don't think that the man who
saying don't even call that woman is
shipping goods protective equipment to
countries that he has not referred to in
polite terms I don't think he's shipping
that stuff just to be a good person so
we also had to talk about something else
this isn't leadership the president is
not showing leadership that a bunch of
people asked me now that it's come out
that yes there was this playbook you
know how I knew about this top-secret
plan it's not top secret I mean that one
is yeah it's mark top secret these plans
have existed since the 1960s the newest
plan is top secret
but they've existed these playbooks have
existed this entire time he's not
following them makes it very hard to
predict what he's going to do because
he's not following the best practices as
developed
over fifty years because he thinks he
knows better because of his infinite
wisdom and his obvious mass of knowledge
on this particular subject at this point
I have to look at the media and I kind
of ask why are why are they still still
airing in I understand that the standard
protocol is to give airtime to the
president he is the president after all
but at this point he's a danger to the
United States supplies are on their way
no they're not they're not I mean maybe
to other countries but they're not going
where we need them here in the US
he's haggling over there will be tests
in every big-box store but there's not a
vaccine is right around the corner be
here soon no it's not it is not
we have great cures treatments no we
don't we don't we have symptom
management that's what we have and this
is dangerous because people who believe
this stuff they're not taking the
precautions they should the President of
the United States is a danger to the
people of the United States his desire
to paint this rosy picture is is harmful
false hope is extremely dangerous in a
situation like this saying stuff not
based in science stuff that is an
evidence-based it is very dangerous
but the media continues to give him a
platform to lie to the American people
over and over and over again focus on
the people that know what they're doing
because he doesn't he's going to he
already has gotten people killed I want
to know what he's got of what he got for
that that's that's the one thing that we
should all be asking at this point
because there's no way he's holding us
governor's to a higher standard than
foreign heads of state and it's unlikely
that he cares about foreign lives more
than he does American lives because
honestly I don't think he cares about
anybody's life he cares about his ego he
cares about his image his legacy and
he's tied that legacy to the economy so
that's what he cares about if he comes
out and says everybody go back to what
you're doing on Easter you need to stay
at home until you hear from the docks
because he doesn't know what he's doing
and he's not following the plans we have
stockpiles we have strategic reserves of
all of this stuff why isn't it being
released it's in the play books and if
it is being released piecemeal we have
to wonder why is he not getting enough
what exactly are his demands as he holds
the nation hostage anyway it's just a
fault
Yala I'll try to have a good day we'll
get through this just listen to the
people that actually know what they're
talking about y'all have a good day